So we want to build a blog and I want to have three main You are adults or sections in that block.
Therefore I will add them as folders to pages because I will use that folder based approach because
one I will have some pages.
So slash posts slash the idea of a post for example.
So I need to be able to nest folders and files and I personally preferred the folder based approach
because it's easier to understand really replicates what you enter in your l locally on your fault system.
So you're in the pages folder I want to enter for example a Post's page so post as a folder name because
I want to have pages like Slash posts which gives me a list of all my posts and then slash posts to
one to give me the details or word of full screen.
She was ability for post number one.
Additionally I'll add another folder directly in the pages folder.
So not nested in the posts folder but in the pages folder which I'll name admin here will add some admin
related routes where we will later also add authentication so that we can sign up and sign in and write
blog posts and then I'll add my About page let's say website should not be nested in admin but to add
direct route page and pages so we get these free folders about eminent posts now about.
I'll simply add index w files and then we can load slash about and the content of this about page can
be found attached to this video here.
So dessous the page content just some dummy text and hear some sculped styling.
Remember the styling lectures at the end of last module here.
I got styles which are scoped which only apply to this component and therefore only to this page with
about page.
I'm simply referring to disempowered page C as S class and that's all that's my About page.
It's really simple and we will not revisit it.
No worries though will add far more functionalities to post an admin in the posts folder.
Add index though you fall to be able to reach slash posts.
Now the question is what do we display in there.
Here I'll add a template.
First of all and then a div with a class of hosts page maybe the name is up to you though.
And then there I want to render a list of posts.
Now I'll come back to how we actually use state and how we rendered that list in a second.
For now let me add some styling here and I will also scope these styles by adding the scoped attribute
to ensure they only apply to post page in this component and I will add my posts page HDMI out class
selector and will therefore add a display flex property here to use flex box.
I added a link where you can learn more about this CSSA concept at the end of last module and then justify
content which I set to center and align items which I set to center.
This will center what ever I enter here and here I will enter my individual posts.
I will come back to creating these later.
Now in the host's page area here.
I also want to have a separate page with a dynamic parameter.
The parameter should be called ID and how do I add this year in the post folder.
While you've got two options you can create a file named underscore ID that view or the approach I like.
You create a folder named underscore ID and in that folder you create indexed view file.
Now in that index W4 I want to load a single post of course so I'll add a template here and then a diff
with a class.
Maybe single post page to name is also up to you here.
And here I want to show the details of a select that post.
Therefore here I'll add.
Let's say a section which I'll give a class of post and now in that post you can output whatever you
want.
You could ever age one title where we'll have it later have the title of the post of course will load
this data dynamically later below the time we could have a div with a class of post details where we
output details like when the post was published or updated or who wrote the post so we could have devs
in here where we have like the last updated on Def which will later also populate dynamically and maybe
one where we say written by name.
So we'll replaced this with real content of course.
And then we could have a paragraph where we have the actual content of the post.
So this could be the structure of a single post of a simple post below there.
We could have a class section with the class post feedback maybe where I simply say let me know what
you think about the post.
Send the mail to and then we had a normal anger attack where I simply add D Mail to adjustment here.
Mailed a few feet back at my awesome domain dot com or whatever your awesome domain is and we can repeat
this as a caption for this link so this could be the dummy structure for our single post.
Now let's inspect what we bought thus far.
We'll work on the admin section later.
No worries.
So we can reload the starting page and we haven't changed ad yet so it still looks as before but we
can go to slash about to see the about page with that styling here and will work on the styling a bit
more later.
No worries we can go to slash posts and don't see anything here which makes sense because right now
we got no posts.
But if we go to slash posts one for example we output our dummy post content.
Now this is not looking super bready and here I want actuate up ready page so I'll add Stahl's step
by step.
Let's start with the ID page here for a single post.
I'll add a style which should be scoped and now any here.
I'll quickly paste in some prepared styles.
Now you can find these attached to this video.
I just don't want to bore you by typing CSSA for 10 minutes.
Here are just some styles which you in order to work correctly need some additional classes in VHDL
code.
One is post detail which should be applied to the device in the post details death and the one tag will
get a class of post title just because the styles I pasted in used these classes the content.
All this should get a class of post content and if we do that now it looks a bit nicer already.
Now will work on the font a bit more later and so on.
So this is just how this single post page could look like.
Now of course we want to continue working on this and we want to work on the admin section too.
We probably want to have a header and that all screams for us having a look at the layout and having
a look at re-usable components.
We could build.